{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14460\viewh11460\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
This Project contains code to the Pair-Angle Distribution Function (PADF) from a set of diffraction patterns. As an intermediate step it calculates the angular cross-correlation function.\
\
WARNING: This is development code. NOT intended for general release. When used correctly it works, but errors in input parameters do not produce meaningful error messages.\
\
The code is made available as a record of the software used to analyse data in the following publications:\
\
Martin et al. "..." Small 2020 (accepted)\
\
For details about the data analysis in this publication, see DATA_ANALYSIS_STEPS file.\
\
\
**************************************\
padf_0.1 - compile & install\
**************************************\
\
padf_0.1 calculates the PADF and angular intensity cross-correlation functions from a set of diffraction patterns. It is written with a Python frontend and C backend. The Python code processes input parameters and performs basic processing on the diffraction patterns and correlation functions. The C programs (padf, padfcorr, padfXcorr, padfplot) are separate programs that are run by the Python code (padf_0.1). \
\
The C programs depend on the Gnu Scientific Library (GSL) and FFTW libraries. No version control issues have been encountered so far with these libraries.\
\
Makefiles for C programs are written with the gcc compiler. \
\
Compile the C-code from a terminal (linux or OSX).  Change directory to one containing the C-code (padf or padfplot or padfcorr padfXcorr) and type\
\
make clean\
\
make\
\
Repeat for all the C programs (The need to be compiled independently). \
\
\
**************************************\
padf_0.1  Executing the code\
**************************************\
\
From the directory contains the padf_0.1 file:\
\
python padf_0.1 -c <configuration file name>\
\
The configuration file is a text file that contains parameter values.\
\
}